
MAINTENANCE TECHNICIAN
240 Rachelle Mission, Rocket Resume, Oklahoma, 10454-6037, US (641) 710-6444 support@rocket-resume.com
Professional Summary
Ready for new professional challenges and career advancement with an established operation. Offering 7 years of experience in the industrial maintenance field, as well as technical drawing, blueprint, and manual reading skills. Facilities Maintenance Technician with 12+ years of hands-on experience in a professional services firm who is systematic and adaptable. Dedicated team player with problem-solving and inventory managemen
Work History
Maintenance Technician - December, 2019 to Present
Hilpert, Workchi and White West Mozellbury, Oklahoma
Finished paperwork for record-keeping and customers
• Thoroughly cleaned and lubricated parts to keep music equipment operating at peak performance
Used various equipment to remove snow and sprinkled rock salt on walkways to prevent falls.
• Examined alarm systems and monitors to ensure that they met carbon monoxide and fire safety standards and that personnel were protected.
⚫ Did minor wall repairs, such as installing drywall and repairing and applying wallpaper, to keep the walls in good shape.
Maintenance Technician-March, 2018 to March, 2019
White LLC-Antoninochester, Oklahoma
Looked into and fixed mechanical issues with machines like music and health
Kept tools and clothing equipment in good working order by troubleshooting breakdowns and performing preventative maintenance, which included copy and program.
Looked over blueprints and specifications to see how I could approach music and jewelery projects in the most efficient way possible. ⚫ Devised a new method for streamlining outdoors processes and boosting workflow by 11%.
Maintenance Technician - October, 2016 to November, 2017
Deckow, Swift and Leannon-Lake Monicaburgh, Oklahoma
• Cleaned and lubricated machinery shafts, bearings, and gears to ensure proper maintenance.
• Replacement parts and componeres, as well as entire systems, were installed by me.
Used sledge hammers, shovels, picks, rakes, weed trimmers, and leaf blowers to maintain the exterior of the facility. Removed damaged portions of walls, walkways, partitions, and other similar structures in preparation for repales
Maintenance Technician - February, 2012 to September, 2016
Ondricka, Romaguera and Considine - Tanyamouth, Oklahoma
• Kept the restrooms running smoothly by fixing leaking faucets, clogged toilets, and other issues,
• Completed repairs using power and hand tools in a safe and precise manner.
Was in charge of janitorial doties on a daily basis.
• Used problem-solving skills to quickly resolve issors with linte supervision and notified maintenance technician of issues that required games resolution.
• Collaborated with maintenance technicians to successfully complete projects on time on troubleshooting skills and equipment installation
Education
Computer Numerically Controlled (CNC) Machinist Technology - MBA-2011
University of North Emmanuelton - North Emmanuelion, Oklahoma
Computer Numerically Controlled (CNC) Machinist Technology Associate of Science - 2008
Halvorsonmouth University - Halvorsonmouth, Oklahoma
Skille